# Module-2
VBA Script Challenge 
Data Analytics Bootcamp, Carelton University

For this assignment, it was extremely difficult at the beginning to figure out the differences between what each code was supposed to do. After a lot of trial and error, practice activities, study groups with classmates and AskBcs, I was finally able to complete every step for this challenge. 
I had gone through each step one by one, and adjusted my script accordingly. Through this challenge, to see what I had written at the start of this assignment to the finished script, it's gotten a lot cleaner and I am very confident that I have a firm grasp on the concepts of VBA for excel. 
I soon realized that the sequence in which you write your script conditionals, mattered. The largest issue I was having was that, my stocks would sort, and values would appear in the correct columns for the yearly and percent change, and the total, however, the numbers were wrong. Only the first row was calculated correctly (based on the answer key screenshot given in the assignment). This was a roadblock that I had encountered and was stuck on for almost a full day.
After a few sessions with multiple AskBcs Learning Assistants, I was able to finally understand why my calculations were off. I had to reset and add another variable so that the script would pick up the correct cell for the open and close prices of the different stocks. 
I ran into a similiar issue with calculating the Greatest % increases, decreases and volumes. I was attempting to create another If Statement that would loop, but after a session with the learning assistant, there was a much simplier way to do this, which was utilizing the WorksheetFunction.Min/Max/Match() options. 
Another roadblock that occurred was that my script wasn't looping through each worksheet. Which brings me back to my previous statement that the sequence in where you write your script mattered. I realized that setting my ws variable to Worksheet only worked if the For Each was written at the beginning of the script and not at the end after the end if and next i segments. It also mattered that I wrote worksheets, plural, and not worksheet, singular.
I had to adjust and rewrite my script many many times, there was a lot of trial and error, but in the end, I'm very happy with my completed assignment, the script is clean and easy to read and I've met all of the grading rubic criteria. 
